So this rock climbing wall
will be big!
And best of all,
it'll be built
out of all natural,
100% organic,
free-range
yard trimmings.
So it is only
a rock climbing wall?
No, it's not "only"
a rock climbing wall.
It's a free-range,
organic rock climbing wall.
I can see how
that would be relevant
if we were
going to eat it.
We're not going to
have to eat it, are we?
I guess if we had to,
we could. But...
Did I just hear
we're building
something we can eat?
You know, for the record,
I would like to not to be
in a position today
where I have to
eat this wall.
We'll see what we can do,
but we're not making
any promises.
Mom, have you seen
my other white skirt?
What are those charts?
Hon, the rare and elusive
Bentbill Nuthatch is in its
nest building season.
The birds will be done
traveling north
and should be right
here in town today.
Snoresville.
No, dear, the bird took
a left at Snoresville
and is up here in Danville.
Can I get one up high?
Whoo-hoo!
Okay, more specifically,
it should be right
in our backyard
at exactly 4:00 today!
Isn't it exciting?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
So you and a bunch
of trained observers
are gonna be
in our yard at exactly
4:00 in the PM today?
Well, yes.
Love it!
The booby-hatch trash nut,
whatever it is,
is my new favorite bird!
This is awesome!
See you guys later.
See?
She thinks it's fun.
Oh, yes.
And I'm British
so you think
I'm supposed to like
bird watching.
"Ooh, I'm British,
so I'll be in the
conservatory
"with a cup of tea
and a crumpet."
I'm saying that ironically,
but actually,
that sounds quite good.
So I'm going to do that. Ta.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
This looks good.
So, how long
till you're done with
this contraption?
Think you'll still be
out here at four?
I dunno.
I guess so.
ISABELLA: Hi, Phineas.
What you doing?
Hey, Isabella.
Rock climbing wall.
Well, I just came by
to tell you
I can't join in
on the fun today.
I've been charged with
the task of recording
the audio book version
of the Fireside Girls
Compendium Guide.
It's gonna take forever!
That book does not look
so intimidating.
Dude, this is just
the table of contents!
The actual book
is being transported
from a secret bunker
to our recording studio
in the Fireside Girl lodge.
Seriously, this is going
to take me a week.
Hey, we can help.
We'll just put this
rock climbing wall
off till tomorrow.
Wait, what? No!
You guys keep working!
I'll narrate the audio book!
You stay here
and help the boys.
And not only will I finish
recording your book today,
I'll do it by 4:00!
So, let me
get this straight.
You'll do all the work
while I spend the day
with Phineas?
Hmm... Deal.
But do you know anyone
that can work
a state-of-the-art
sound board?
Someone who can edit
huge digital files?
Someone who can understand
basic miking techniques?
(SQUEALS)
What is it, Irving?
Okay, I'll do it.
But only if
Isabella says,
"Where's Perry?"
No deal.
You drive a hard bargain.
I'm in.
It's okay, I was about
to ask that anyway.
MONOGRAM: Ah! Agent P,
uh, we're getting reports that
there is a distinct smell
of confectioners'
sugar and icing
coming from
Doofenshmirtz's building.
He must be up to
something evil, and sweet.
Sweet and evil.
Sweevil, if you will.
Go and stop him!
Stand by.
And put your cans on.
Fireside Girls
Compendium. Introduction.
Page one and take one.
Whenever you're ready.
"Ma May Me Mo Mu.
Topeka, Kansas.
"Topeka, Kansas."
Man, this is the worst
book dedication ever.
How are we
doing in there, Irving?
Levels are fine.
(SIGHS) "Page one.
"Welcome, Fireside Girl!
"You're about to embark on
a transformative journey
"that you will remember
for years to come."
"And water should be boiling.
"Now onto part two
of the introduction."
"Section 12, part six,
"how to build a fire
using only bobby pins
and a hat."
"Section 25,
part 16,
"How to tell if a marshmallow
is properly roasted."
(CLEARS THROAT)
Can I get you
some water?
Maybe.
No. Keep it rolling.
Keep it rolling.
"Beginning section 25,
part 17."
PHINEAS: Okay, gang.
Is everybody
all strapped
in their harness?
Ready, but it is also the
worst wedgie I've ever had.
Oh, really?
Present company excluded.
All righty, then.
Let's go!
♪ We keep on climbing
♪ Climbing like kudzu
♪ A creeping ficus
up a garden wall
♪ A social climber,
climbing with debutants
♪ There's Escanaba,
I can see Montreal
♪ No, I've never been so happy
♪ Felt so light
or looked so tall
♪ Plus it's also a good
aerobic workout
♪ Climbing up
a rock climbing wall
♪ As long as you don't fall!
CHORUS:
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil
Incorporated ♪
Well, if it isn't
Perry the Platypus.
And when I say "isn't,"
I mean "is."
I know you're
into martial arts,
but I prefer
the confectionery
arts myself,
like this
gingerbread-house trap!
Hey! It looks a lot
bigger on the inside
than it looks
on the outside.
Here, have some cozy
gumdrop slippers. (CHUCKLES)
Now, where was I?
Oh, yeah.
I think I know why
I'm having a hard time
taking over the
Tri-State Area.
It's because
of dinner parties.
That's right.
Follow me,
it, it goes somewhere.
You see, my brother,
Roger, is a success
because of his amazing
dinner parties,
where he dazzles
important guests
with his
magnetic charm.
But what if he were
unable to charm anyone
because his fabulous
dinner parties
were over
before they began?
That's why I created this!
The Bring-Out-
the-Dessert-inator!
You see,
everyone knows that
once the dessert comes out
the party's over.
That's what's,
that's what's called
a social cue.
This rocket will go into
a Roger-centric orbit
around his house.
At the wrong moment,
it will shoot a blast
which will make Roger
bring out the dessert,
ending his dinner party
before it can begin.
He'll lose his
charming edge
and people will lose
interest in him.
Bing, bang, boom,
they'll stop voting for him.
And that's when
I'll slink in and take ov...
You know, I, I know
I'm grasping at straws here,
and I'll probably end up
grasping at bendy straws
and fall on my face
requiring months of rehab
to learn
how to monologue
all over again.
And then it's off
to empowerment camp,
where I'll have to
fall backwards
and hope that someone...
Who wants dessert?
I made this
lovely tiramisu.
Hey! It works!
Oh, you think
you're very funny,
Perry the Platypus,
blasting me with my own
Bring-Out-the-Dessert-inator.
What?
Oh, ho, ho, I hope
you left some room!
I made a yummy
double layer
pumpkin cheesecake.
It has creamy...
(GRUNTS)
You got me again!
Well, you made me
bring it to you,
so you're gonna eat it!
(CRUNCHING)
Ow!
(CHATTERING)
(RAY POWERING UP)
(LAUGHS)
Now it's your turn
to bring out the...
No!
(CRASHING)
How about
a banana split?
(LAUGHS)
Finally got your
just desserts!
Good one, right? Huh?
What are you doing
with that pound cake?
I was saving that
for company.
Aah... (CHOKING)
Oh. Oh, wow,
Perry the Platypus,
I'm getting
such a sugar rush!
How about you?
(CHATTERING)
(GIGGLING)
"In conclusion, may your
Fireside Girl experience
be a treasured one,
"with memories
for a lifetime.
"The end."
Um, I'd like you to do
one more take
on that last chapter.
I'd like to hurt you.
That's a wrap.
BUFORD: Hey, you guys.
I can see my thoughts.
They're all sparkly
and spread out around us.
It is the lack of oxygen.
It makes you light-headed.
I think it's time
to climb down.
Ha-ha! Coming down!
Whoo-hoo!
Oh, I get it,
we're in space.
(SCREAMS)
I heard that.
DOOFENSHMIRTZ:
Can you do this,
Perry the Platypus?
Can you jump
really fast
up and down,
and up and down,
and up and down?
Yeah, that's it,
Perry the Platypus.
Doesn't it feel good?
Let's be jumping buddies.
Let's just eat dessert
and jump up and down,
and up and down,
and up and down all day.
It'll be our thing.
Just remember,
I, I invented it because
I'm the inventor.
Yes! It's still here.
Hey, Candace!
How'd it go?
I finished recording.
Irving's uploading it
to the Fireside Girl
mainframe as we speak.
Thanks so much, Candace.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now the important thing.
To get Mom out here.
(VOICE FADING) Mom! Mom!
Do you want me to get Mom?
(CLEARS THROAT)
No. You stay here.
Nobody move.
If we leave,
this thing'll disappear.
She'll be out here
in two minutes
with her
bird watching group.
I'll wait.
Jump, jump, jump, jump,
jump, jump, jump, jump.
Oh! Oh, sugar crash!
(BEEPING)
Oh, The-Bring-Out-
the-Dessert-inator.
It must be almost time for
Roger's dinner party to begin.
(CHATTERING)
(LAUGHS) Sugar crash.
There she goes.
And you can't do
anything about it
'cause you're on
a sugar crash.
Wait, wait, what's that?
Protein and carbohydrates?
No, don't eat that! No!
Okay, but, uh, but
let's do that jumping thing
again sometime, huh?
Okay, gang!
Everyone follow me outside!
The bird should be right...
Hey! Who's ready for dessert?
Doesn't that sound good?
Oh! See, now,
Brits like dessert!
Does this mean
she wants us to leave?
Well, according to
social convention,
I guess.
DOOFENSHMIRTZ: Welcome,
Perry the Platypus.
What took you so long?
I'm speaking to you
through this amplifier
right next to the
self-destruct button.
The rocket will
soon be in orbit
around my brother's house,
ready for the next
dinner party.
And you can ride
that rocket until
your tail falls off.
I don't care.
Or until you find
the self-destruct button,
which is...
Oh, dang it!
Curse you,
Perry the Pla...typus.
(HOARSELY) Mom!
(DIALING)
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Candace?
Mom! Mom!
Come outside! (COUGHS)
Hon, I can't hear you.
Let's talk in a minute.
Who wants this
a la mode?
Mom!
Look! Ooh!
It's the rare
Bentbill Nuthatch!
Isn't she beautiful?
She's finding material
for her nest.
(CHIRPING)
Well, I guess
they've got a lot of
nests to make.
We did build the thing
out of pressed twigs
and lawn clippings.
Nature's little
recyclers at work.
Come on! Come on!
What? What? No!
But... But... But...
Oh, honey! I see it!
What?
Don't move.
Hold still.
(CAMERA CLICKS)
Got it!
Oh, Candace,
I wouldn't have seen it
if you hadn't
grabbed me forcibly
and pulled me out here.
Thank you!
So, you kids
want some dessert?
Yeah!
Some tea with honey
would help that throat.
And there's crumpets
in the conservatory as well.
He's so British.
Let's go!
♪ We keep on climbing
♪ Climbing like kudzu
♪ A creeping ficus
up a garden wall
♪ A social climber,
climbing with debutants
♪ There's Escanaba,
I can see Montreal
♪ No, I've never
been so happy
♪ Climbing up
a rock climbing wall ♪